I had lived in Metro 112 for almost 4 years. I'm probably one of the tenants who stayed longest. I even witnessed many staff came and left, like Kimber, Judy, Kellie (another Kellie) and so on. I think it's time to get them a review after moving out.

I started with things I really like:
1. Fantastic location
2. Friendly staff and responsive maintenance team
3. Helped receiving packages
4. Moving out process is smoother than I expected
5. They remember your Birthdays and will write you a card typically

Some perks:
1. Some gift cards randomly during holidays;
2. Pies send out in Thanksgiving;
3. Brunch / cocktail / other activities (like yoga) roughly once per year.

Things I don't like:
1. The walls in between are incredibly thin (no insulation) and not sound proof at all. Our bedroom is next to our neighbor's living room and I can hear very clearly what they are watching when I was on my bed. We used to complain their late parties at night, which made me crazy and couldn't sleep. After complaint, it's getting better but they still like to have parties on Fri/Sat night. Sometimes I can hear what they talked about especially at quite night. It's very awkward to hear that as no privacy in the apartment.

I guess our bathroom is next to their kitchen as well. I often hear they put something into the microwave and the "ding" sound when I sat on toilet. I hope their new apartments which is under construction will resolve this issue and put some insulation even in interior walls.


2. They don't care about you if it's something related to your neighbors. Our balcony floor constantly has nuts shells, seeds and corns etc. thrown from upper stairs. I noticed that they have two buckets hanging outside and some seeds dropped out from that two buckets. I assume our neighbors intend to feed the birds, but they are not aware of that the winds and birds keep the garbage out of buckets and dropped to our balcony. We reported this issue to Metro 112 more than 4 times but never get resolved. This lasted for several months and we gave up complaining to Metro 112 because like I said, they don't care.


3. Their pricing system is not reliable and make me doubt their price. Before we moved in 4 years ago, we really liked one specific room. But when we wanted sign contract one week after and were told that apartment had been rented out. Luckily they have another one with same floor plan exactly three floors right downstairs of previous one with a $100 higher rent. It was unacceptable to get a lower floor with higher price (one week difference, so no market change). They couldn't explain it and just said they ran the system and got price. They probably feel it was unfair either so waived our parking fees.

One year later when we wanted to renew the contract, they increased the rent by a lot ~200+, which is ridiculous. And they didn't waive parking any more, so the total would be increased by $300. We tried to negotiate the price but they still said the price was given by system. They refused to give any promotion to loyal customers who paid all the rent on time. Then we really worked hard to find other apartments and tried to move out. At the end we were so busy and ran out of time, so renewed with Metro 112.

The third year, they increased the rent by ~$200 again, we tried to negotiate the rent again of course. Out of surprise, it worked and our rent only increased by a really small amount. After that, I started to be suspicious about their pricing system.

The fourth year, we renewed the contract month by month (or 3 months). The monthly rent was even cheaper than the previous 12-months-contract monthly rent. Even the renting market cooled down recently, it's still unbelievable.

4. Smelly hallways sometimes (mainly caused by animal waste, some one who doesn't follow the rules smoke)

5. Garage door is always broken. As I said, I've lived here for almost 4 years and I couldn't count how many times the security door was broken. So they had to open the door and let all the cars get in and out. The problems is many cars don't pay parking are still parking inside. They didn't tow them away even they claimed to do so.


Overall, we are still happy with Metro 112 even I wrote many negative things. As I have friends lived in comparable apartments nearby in downtown Bellevue, I heard many much worse comments about those apartments. I suppose Metro 112 does a great job among competitors in general and I still recommend.
